#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
attrs==21.4.0
    # via visions
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
fonttools==4.33.3
    # via matplotlib
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imagehash==4.2.1
    # via visions
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via pandas-profiling
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.3
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   pandas-profiling
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
missingno==0.5.1
    # via pandas-profiling
multimethod==1.8
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
networkx==2.8.4
    # via visions
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   visions
packaging==21.3
    # via matplotlib
pandas==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   visions
pandas-profiling==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
phik==0.12.2
    # via pandas-profiling
pillow==9.1.1
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
pydantic==1.9.1
    # via pandas-profiling
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.3.0
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==6.0
    # via pandas-profiling
requests==2.28.0
    # via pandas-profiling
scikit-learn==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   python-dateutil
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-profiling
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via pydantic
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.4
    # via pandas-profiling
